Naman's brief for the experiments + blog structure, 25 Aug 2026. Spoken,
transcribed, logged here unedited. Every quote on the hypothesis and
experiment pages is pulled from this file verbatim — nothing on those pages
was written for him.

----

Let's make two new pages inside here:
- Experiments
- Blog

All the content will be hard coded but it would be nice to create a system
where it's easily retrievable, like in an XML format or in a JSON format as
well. That way any other site, if they want, can query and check what
experiment, what blog, and what all.

Experiment, again, is a data structure we are building in code here and we
will keep adding more experiments to it but experiments will have a parent
object of hypothesis. One hypothesis can have multiple experiments. I don't
know where I should put this but I think within hypothesis is a better place
to put it. Within hypothesis there will be a category and subcategory. An
experiment will have a status, which is planned, ongoing, paused, concluded,
whatever, so there will be a status. There will be just a markdown blog of
everything else within an experiment as well, within a hypothesis as well,
within a category as well, and within a subcategory as well. That's how that
will happen and then there will be some roll-up functions to get different
things and utility, like a place within the repo or outside the repo in a
public folder or somewhere where I can just write freely for whatever
experiments and whatever things are.

For example one of the experiments I wanna set up, and the goal of this whole
exercise, is to frankly make public whatever I try and do, whatever my intents
are with anything related to work and beyond work as well. That's the goal. In
those there will be different kinds of experiments. For example we can
actually remove category and subcategory and just call it tags. Within tags we
can put one group of tags, which is personal experiment versus work
experiment. I don't know how you categorise that but basically if I take an
experiment that says, "Hey I will wake up every day at 6:30 a.m. for the next
whatever 15 days or so," right, so I'll wake up every day at 6:30 a.m. The
core hypothesis and hypothesis can be linked to each other very briefly, but
the core hypothesis behind this, or the core understanding or the knowledge
behind this, is that firstly it drives from the fact that when a founder does
well in his life, he is able to take better decisions. All of these hypotheses
basically link back to our core axioms which we have made so

So basically somewhere in there I wrote about power laws and all of that. Each
hypothesis will justify how it relates back to the core. The hypothesis is
that when I am doing well in my life then I will be able to make better
decisions, which is needed for a power law. When I have mental clarity, when I
have a peaceful mind, I'll be able to make much better decisions. If I need to
have a peaceful mind then one thing I can try is to wake up at 6:30 a.m. The
bigger point of waking up at 6:30 a.m. is planning to wake up at 6:30 a.m.,
which means I will have to plan to sleep at 10 p.m. or something like that. A
lot of the crap that can potentially happen with me personally, which happens
usually at midnight and screws up my mind, which makes me scroll, which makes
me go in 10 different directions, all of that can be avoided through this
experiment. That is the experiment. It runs for 15-ish days and then we see
what comes out of it. That's an example.

Another experiment could be: hey, building my namanhajela.com website helps me
do xyz. There are different kinds of experiments. I want to document
everything on this website and for that I need these structures to be very
primitive, very open, very flexible structures and renderers to be built so
that can be better.
