Naman's write-up for the doing-well-decides-well hypothesis and the
wake-at-630 experiment, 26 Aug 2026. Logged unedited, exactly as sent.

----

Core Hypothesis:

When I'm doing well, I will make better decisions.


Description:

There is no distinction between life and work or anything else. It's all a part of me, and a function of how well I handle the balancing act.

My emotional stability, my self perception, my energy levels, my sugar levels, everything cascades into my work through the quality of decisions I make.

<indent>
Did I fight with my girlfriend the day before?
Did I eat good food that keeps my energy stable?
Did I work my body so that my mind gets proper blood flow?
Did I work my mind to be ready to do the hard things?
<indent end>

Every single aspect of my life trails into every other aspect.

We can't consciously control everything everyday all the time, we have limited decisions we can make everyday.

The best way to then get to wherever we want is to design an life and environment where we're in the best position to win.

This hypothesis will be a home to a set of experiments that aim to modify and set good foundations for my environment, for all the prebaked decisions that I want to wake up with everyday and make minimal thinking effort on.



<sidenote>

Make another page I guess, called pieces of awareness. This is complementary to core.

In there write

Limited Decision Budget (and link this to the point I'm making above)

You have a limited decision budget at all points of time. And the quality of decisions goes down through time, fatigue, and number of decisions made.

Design your life such that most of the important decisions are pre made in your favor.

<sidenote end>

----------

Wake up at 6:30 AM Everyday

I believe how you live your days is how you live your life. And how you start your day greatly predetermines how the rest of it is going to be.

Especially when you are betting on yourself and have to rely on your own agency a lot more. When you've taken the conscious choice to be free from the rut of the society. There's one more step you have to take, that's not enough.

Now you have to make sure you work towards a life that you love.

And that starts with a good start to your day.

The goal of this experiment is twofold.

Firstly, when I wake up early, by the time the world is up and running and communicating, I'm primed and ready to take it on. I have the capacity and mindspace to do this.

Secondly, I start the day with time to myself. This is important, it reaffirms to my brain my value in myself. When I wake up early, I naturally gravitate towards stacking other important activities, such as a workout, journaling/writing, going out in nature!

Third and the most important.
I strongly believe nothing good happens after 2 AM. And if I take a goal to wake up at 6:30, eventually 5 am and then maybe 4 o clock too. Then I have to prep myself to sleep early.

I strongly believe sleeping early, in the right state of mind, preventing the dread that comes from fatigue, and the bad decisions that follow is something that can bring about disproportionate compounding positive change in my life.

Which is the main reason I'm doing this.

To avoid midnight end-of-day fatigue driven dread and bad decisions and state of mind.

I might have travel and trips in between, but ideally even after getting back from that, I want to train myself to love and return to this throughout my life.

----------

What counts as success

1. I'm on my bed by 10 pm
2. I'm on track to be on bed by 9pm - i.e. detach from phone and screens at 9pm
3. Eating early to be free by 9pm unless life happens
4. Actually waking up at 6:30
5. Not failing by abandon, I shall track my wake up times. failing at 6:30 am doesn't mean I wake up then at 10. I can wake up at 7, that's okay.
