log these txt files in a seperate folder. These are handwritten by me.

Landing Page:

Main: For us to win, no one has to lose. 

Positive Sum Experiments is a venture by Naman Hajela (underline and link to namanhajela.com) running experiments with their fundamentals rooted in this philosophy.


Remove the happy mornings club from there for now 

----

Core (rename manifesto page to core):
Author: Nmn


Quote or something (this is the summary of the whole core in 2 lines.)

It is a game, time is limited. 
Give back to all audaciously.  

---
The decisions we take must come from a point of awareness rather than ignorance. (credit, ankur warikoo (ankurwarikoo.com)). 
Here is the core of our awareness towards running any and all experiments within this venture.

First, A perspective on business. 

You can look of any business or operation in the world from the perspective of a system of relationships and transactions.
I personally call this the socio-economic model. (with a little hover note on top, that, "this might not be consistent with the academic definition of socioeconomic)

now put here @business-model.png from /public/assets/


1. Play positive sum games.

If every relationship and transaction is a game, we shall play positive sum ones as much as possible.
That is, that for me to win, no one has to lose. We can all win together.

Through all that PSE does, we strive to make everyone around us win. 

Some examples: 
    > Encouraging and supporting team members to move on or moonlight if it means growth for them, when it doesn't affect our work. 
    > Never defaming any competitors, rather actively finding opportunities for collaboration.


2. Respect time above all else. 

Time is limited, and uniform. 
You only have one lifetime, and everyone gets the same 24 hours. 

Time is limited, but you'll have enough. 
Use it well, with awareness, across life. 


3. Strive to give out disproportionate value.

How is it that people live much varied lives despite having the same time? 

Because the leverage isn't time, it's the model, it's the arrangement, the system. 
It is not the only factor, but a very important one. 

I believe we are here to serve one another. 
That we gain more from giving than from recieving. 

Make sure that the model, the arrangement is such that every participating individual can generate disproportionate value and service for one another out there with respect to the time and energy invested. 

Leverage is weakly related to the invested time or energy, and much more strongly correlated to the arrangement i.e allocation of said time and energy. 

In practice, 
- Empower your customers to generate disproportionate value in their own models.
- Empower your team to generate disproportionate value through our model.
- Empower yourself to keep being able to get better at this and continue doing this


4. Have audacious intent, and patient persistence.

The limits to reality are the laws of physics. 
And the laws of physics never told me to dream small. 

The only limits are within our own minds. 

Audacity here means the scale of the impact.
Strive to serve many others, and to serve them deeply. 

Then, be persistent with the efforts, and patient with the outcomes. 


5. Play with the power laws.

Find the power law and do the real work. 
Because time is limited, because we want to do audacious things, we want to give out disproportionate value.

This is non negotiable.

Doing the real work is non-negotiable. 

Clarity comes from action. You will never know until you try.

1. Set hypotheses using your current awareness and values.
2. Find the power law, define and refine a test. 
3. Strive to test as fast as possible by doing the real work.
4. Do not distract yourself with anything that doesn't contribute to the 20. Especially not the shiny things. 



this is it, let's publish this. 

remove the what we know and AI pages for now. 

this is great. 


