We're gonna make a simple blog setup on here where we'll keep writing findings, understandings and more. 



Nothing more. no more structure. 



\------



Experiment 1: Abandon Adulting Club (title of the page) 





<you can format and style the entire text however you like. and all blog pages can have different designs based on their content, they don't need to be templatized. they should be hardcoded. that's okay.> 



The Thesis: 

When we were kids, we had a lot of fundamentals right. As we became adults, we lost touch of them.



Connecting back to the same truth we intuitively knew as kids will help liberate us and lead us to more fulfilling lives. 



What kind of truths?



Do you remember when you were a kid? What did you like the most about that? How did that feel like? 



Did you ever worry about the future? 

Did you ever carry the weight of so called responsibilities? 

Did you ever mind a breakup too much or fret over a friend as if it was the end of your life?

Did you even realize that life was finite? (not saying it's true) 

Did you do something because you were supposed to?





I'm sure you know the answer to these questions, I'm sure you feel them when you think about it. 



That's the truth I'm taking about.

They say kids are a representation of god, I agree. And by learning from them, we can find god within ourselves too. 



<btw, make a meta og thumbnail and all for this page and all pages and like proper seo okay>



There are many things that the world and society feeded us that were of no use. 



* That you have to care about what others think.
* The concept of rushing to places.
* That we're 'supposed' to do things.
* That there's a 'success' to chase after which life will be 'set'
* That worrying will help
* That perfection is the goal
* That people know what they're doing and talking about.



Most of these are questionable at best and dangerous at worst. 



Yes there's are layers of logical patterns that emerge at a large scale when we observe the world. Patterns that might say that hey good looking people are more likely to get the job, or that what your boss thinks of you deeply influences your promotion, or that being likable gets you girls and money. You get the point.





But that data is deeply misinterpreted at the individual scale, where an individual has to decide within the abundance of infinite options, on how to lead their lives. 



Which is why I'm starting abandon adulting club with the goal to facilitate experiences online and offline that help individuals reconnect to the truths their kid selves knew all along! 



Follow along to know how I'll be doing this. 

Already got the domain a while back - abandonadulting.club



See ya! 











